[narrator] Whether you believe it or not,
the world around you
is filled with strange phenomena
that science has yet to explain.
And in those unfortunate moments
when people come face to face with them,
they are helplessly thrown
into the dark depths of fear.
But there are those who choose
to fight against the darkness every day,
shining a ray of hope into that chaos.
These warriors opposing the shadows
are called "yōkai hunters"!
[Amakusa] This would seem to be it.
The city that was featured
on that talk show.
The city where the divine tree
suddenly appeared.
I wonder. What sort of monstrosities
may be waiting here?
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
Yōkai Hunter Amakusa Haruaki Appears!
~The Threat of a Hundred Demons!!~
CULTURAL FAIR
HAUNTED HOUSE JOB LIST
If you still need a job,
raise your hand for me.
Since you don't have a preference…
Niido, Sagure, Kageyama, and Inukawa.
You four are in charge of costumes.
[Inukawa] Aw, that sucks!
The costumes will be key
to the success of our haunted house,
so please give it your all.
-[chuckles]
-[whimpers]
How about we just use sheets?
Throw sheets over ourselves and go,
"Ooh, we're ghosts," yeah?
That ought to be easy enough.
Yeah! And that way we save ourselves
the trouble of having to build anything.
Really, Niido.
How'd you even come up with an idea so…
great! You genius, you!
That worked out pretty well, huh, Mob?
I thought we were stuck
in sewing hell for sure!
-Uh, is that really okay, though?
-[Inukawa] Hmm?
[Mob] Being in charge of the costumes
seems like kind of a serious job.
Will giving sheets of white cloth
to the people playing ghosts
be good enough?
Okay, Kageyama. What are your ideas
for the costumes, then?
You gonna design
and make 'em all by yourself?
-Go ahead, we're all listening.
-[inhales]
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh,
buh, buh, buh, buh, buh…
-I don't hear anything, do you?
-[both grunt softly]
PROGRESS TOWARDS MOB'S EXPLOSION
STUDENT COUNCIL OFFICE
Anyone handling food at the cultural fair
will be tested for contaminants,
so we'll need to make sure
the class reps are aware of that.
[Ritsu] Sir.
-[Kamuro] Hm? What is it, Kageyama?
-Well, it's just…
I think some of the things
we're doing this year
are a little bit extreme.
Like the concert venue.
SALT MIDDLE SCHOOL BOOTHS
AND EVENTS BY CLASS
We're definitely gonna get a lot
of noise complaints about that.
And also, there's a cross-dressing café?
It's the cultural fair,
so shouldn't everyone
dress more conservatively?
Nah. I don't see a problem.
As long as everyone's safe,
it should be fine.
[gasps]
[Tokugawa] I feel the same way,
but just to be sure,
let's put out a reminder.
Does that work for everyone?
Yes.
[narrator] And so time passed,
and before long,
there were only about two weeks left
until the cultural fair.
[Mob] It looks like everybody's
been making progress.
Except us. That isn't good.
SPIRITS & SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
WELCOME TO REIGEN ARATAKA'S HOMEPAGE
[Reigen] That isn't good.
Better think up a promotional campaign.
Traffic to the web site lately has been…
-[Serizawa] All right, here you go.
-Oh, thank you.
So, what did you want to talk about?
Well, you see…
EVENING MIDDLE SCHOOL
[Reigen slurps, exhales] Interesting.
So you want to take
some classes here, huh?
That's kind of a sudden development.
I've been thinking of redoing
my compulsory education.
They're night classes, though,
so I'd have to make sure
I was off work by 4:00 p.m.
if that's all right.
[Reigen] He wants to improve himself.
That's perfectly fine with me.
-You give it a shot.
-Hmm.
Thank you very much, sir!
[Reigen] Well, I've still got Mob,
so we'll figure it out.
And Dimple. Where's he been lately?
[slurps]
I really oughta put a leash on him.
[instrumental music playing]
Good day, sir!
Standing before you
is the yōkai hunter, Haruaki Amakusa!
-That's exactly how I'll introduce myself.
-[indistinct chatter]
[Amakusa] Good day, sir!
Standing before you is…
Good day, sir! Good day, sir!
Sir, day good! [yelps]
[Amakusa] Good… Good day, sir!
Before me stands Amakusa Haruaki!
Can I help you with something?
[Amakusa] My mission.
That is-- Uh… Why I'm here.
Let it be known that I am the one
who hunts those
that writhe in the shadows.
I've come to this city
so that I can put a stop to "The incident"
before it even has a chance to begin.
[Reigen] I only caught about ten percent
of what he just said.
I'm terribly sorry,
but I'm afraid I'm expecting
an exorcism client shortly.
-Could I impose upon you to wait outside?
-[gasps]
[gasps]
I realize I'm not one to talk,
but that guy sure was weird.
Huh?
The police are talking to him.
I'm sure they'll take care of it.
We'll be going now.
Thank you so much
for everything you've done!
Okay. What say,
we take a little break, huh?
Oh, sure.
Might you possibly be free now?
It's me again, Haruaki Amakusa.
[Reigen] The police didn't cart him off?
[Amakusa] All right.
Thank you for meeting with me.
Let us now discuss the dark army.
So we're not talking about
"Those who writhe in the shadows," then?
Yes, them, too.
They have more than one name,
and I would advise you
not to speak of them
so casually in the future.
For your own sake.
There can be no doubt.
The vortex of madness is upon us,
and it is most definitely spreading.
I implore you to lend me your aid
in breaking this tragic cycle.
Uh-huh. Yeah, sorry.
I hate to disappoint a client,
but I'm not sure--
[Amakusa] Do not mistake me
for one of your clients.
It so happens I am the one who,
uh, hides in the darkness?
Ah! The one who hunts the evil
that hides in the darkness!
Sitting before you
is yōkai hunter Haruaki--
Shut up! I'm getting sick of sitting here
while you work out
all your little catchphrases!
-It's annoying as hell, you hear me?
-Oh. To be clear, I wasn't trying--
Don't talk to me about being clear
when you've gone out of your way
to be as unclear as possible!
I don't have time to sit here all day
and listen to your nonsense!
If you don't hurry up
and either tell me what you want
or get out of here,
I'm gonna rip off
those side buns of yours!
Uh. Very well.
[Amakusa] ♪ In this world ♪
♪ There exist an abundance
Of evil yōkai ♪
♪ Who threaten
The peaceful lives of the masses ♪
♪ I, Haruaki Amakusa,
Am a yōkai hunter whose sworn duty ♪
♪ Is to obliterate these yōkai
From existence forevermore ♪
♪ Sensing the presence of yōkai
In Seasoning City ♪
♪ I traveled here ♪
[coughs]
I seek an evil yōkai horde
known as the "Hundred Demons."
They mean to steal away
as much energy as possible,
as they prepare to accomplish
their ultimate goal of resurrecting
the Great Yōkai King.
At some point there,
he just started speaking normally.
Yeah, it was probably
too difficult to maintain.
Their ominous presence grows ever greater
with each passing day,
and I am beginning to become alarmed.
Here's an idea, why not go to the police?
[Amakusa] The police cannot be trusted.
If I were to request their assistance,
they would immediately move
to take me into their custody
under the Firearms and Swords Control Act!
Sounds good to me.
[Amakusa] Uh… Anyway, I implore you
-to lend me your aid--
-Are you kidding me?
I don't have any more time
for these games of yours.
I am trying to run a business, you know!
Go on, get outta here already.
Yes, of course. You need payment.
Well, that's easy enough.
Will the amount of 1,000,000 yen suffice?
[sighs] You really think
you're gonna get me
with the ol' fake-money-notepad trick?
Huh? [gasps] It's real?
My parents happen to be rather wealthy,
and they've generously supported me
in pursuing my calling.
-[Reigen] All right, Serizawa, let's go!
-Uh?
Hundred Demons, here we come!
If we allow the Great Yōkai King
to be resurrected,
this world will fall into darkness!
We must vanquish this vortex of madness
and see that this tragic cycle is broken!
-[Serizawa] Uh. Right!
-I'm so happy.
At long last, I have made a friend.
Yōkai hunters tend to be solitary.
I have been fighting
on my own this whole time.
It's been a long while
since I've experienced
the kindness of another.
You have my thanks.
[door opens]
[Reigen] Oh, hey there, Mob. What's up?
Oh, pardon me.
I was hoping I could talk to you.
[Reigen] Sure,
as soon as we've taken care of this job.
-You're coming, too, by the way.
-What are we doing?
[Reigen] We're hunting yōkai!
There's this tragic cycle,
and we're breaking it.
[Mob] Right.
My apologies, small boy.
But this is dangerous.
The kind of situation
where women and children
should stay behind.
[Reigen] Don't you worry about Mob.
He'll be just fine.
[mysterious music playing]
[Amakusa] Nothing there, either.
[Reigen] He better not be
some random cosplayer
doing a bit of role playing.
Not that it matters,
as long as I get paid.
[gasps] That building!
I'm sensing a faint demonic aura there!
We've worked at this abandoned building
before, as I recall.
And managed to get rid of that evil spirit
in the end, am I right?
We've only got two weeks to go.
-There are the costumes and the sewing.
-[Serizawa] Actually…
I do sense something strange.
[Reigen] Really? All right, let's go.
And another thing,
how much costume budget
do we have to work with?
-This is it. This has to be the place!
-[Reigen gasps]
PROGRESS TOWARDS MOB'S EXPLOSION
[Amakusa] The atmosphere in this place
has transformed.
I'm sure the yōkai must be behind it.
Curse you, Hundred Demons.
Is it your intention
to make this building your lair?
[Reigen] Are there really yōkai here?
Maybe this guy's more
than a cosplayer after all.
[Serizawa] Hmm?
The roots of some plant?
[Amakusa whimpers]
[whimpers, grunts]
What's wrong, Amakusa?
You're sweating bullets over there.
[yelps] Let me explain.
Thus far, the entirety of my experience
fighting against yōkai has been on my own.
And it's been life-or-death
every single time.
Even against one lone yōkai,
I prepared as much as possible,
and managed to defeat them
only after several days
and nights of intense fighting.
And right now…
we find ourselves in the lair
of the Hundred Demons yōkai horde.
I suppose what I'm getting at is--
-[Reigen yelps]
-[gasps] What is it?
This wall.
I didn't notice how slimy it was!
[gasps]
[Mob] We could hang up konjac jelly
to scare the customers!
-[yelps]
-[yelps] What's the matter?
-[Amakusa] The path we came from is--
-[Serizawa] It's been sealed off.
Guess we'll have to take down
whatever's responsible
before we'll be able to leave.
You're taking this really well.
That's good.
Yeah, at this point, dark, confined spaces
are pretty much my comfort zone.
We can build using cardboard
and duct tape.
And we'll need to take measurements.
Looks like there's nothing
to do but keep moving forward.
I sure hope you're ready, yōkai hunter.
[gaps] My stomach is feeling all stabby.
[eerie music playing]
-[gasps] Reigen! Behind you!
-[growls]
[Amakusa] So you've shown yourself, yōkai!
[growls]
Something or other,
something or other, something or other,
O some kind of spirit,
hear me now!
Please lend me your strength!
(TAX INCLUDED)
Holy Blade!
[in Japanese]
Kusanagi-no-Dai-Hannya-Kagemitsu!
-[in English] My holy blade!
-[growls]
So, as it turns out,
this is basically no different
than a normal exorcism.
Amazing. What power is that?
[gasps] Now, there're tons of them.
All coming at once!
[Amakusa] We're in so much danger
that my brain has stopped functioning.
[Reigen] I'll attack them
with salt to weaken them.
Serizawa and Mob,
you two are gonna have
to take it from there!
-[Serizawa] Yes, sir!
-[yōkai growls]
[Reigen] Take that! Salt Splash!
[Mob] Oh, could we use purified salt
in the haunted house somehow?
[Mob] What if we make it so the ghosts
at the haunted house can be defeated?
That might be fun for the kids.
-[demon generals laughing]
-[both gasp]
There… There they are!
The four generals of the Hundred Demons!
And there, standing right behind them.
It's the Great Yōkai King!
He's already been brought back
to this realm?
Behold, foolish humans.
These are the four generals
of the Hundred Demons.
They will cast you irretrievably
into the darkest depths of despair.
-We're… We're done for.
-[grunts]
I'm sorry for dragging you into this.
Well, if we're in that much trouble,
let's make a break for it.
No. I'm afraid that's not an option.
[Mob] It's true.
I'm not creative enough
to design something like that.
[dramatic music playing]
-[general 1 growls]
-[all grunt]
[Serizawa grunts]
-[Serizawa grunts]
-[general 1 growls]
-[general 2 snickers]
-[both yelp]
-[general 2 grunts]
-[general 1 grunts]
Two generals down, just like that.
Who are these associates of yours, anyway?
-[Reigen] Psychics, of course.
-[Serizawa grunts]
[Amakusa] It's hard to believe
such incredible power
-actually exists in this world.
-[general 3 grunts]
-[Amakusa] I'm so envious.
It might seem enviable to you,
but for Mob and Serizawa,
it's apparently nothing special.
[general 4 growls]
[Great Yōkai King] You've defeated
my Hundred Demons,
as well as my four generals.
Rather impressive showing, humans.
But… [grunts]
Defeating the Great Yōkai King
won't prove to be so easy!
[Amakusa]
I still can't comprehend your power.
Tell me.
Any interest in becoming yōkai hunters?
If so, I'll see that you're paid
handsomely every month.
What? Hey, listen, you two--
Sorry, but I don't think so.
I want to go back to school.
Thanks anyway,
but my head is currently filled
with thoughts of the cultural fair.
Did you say cultural fair?
[scoffs] Well, what do you know?
It would appear that my colleagues
are too busy living their own lives.
Amakusa, don't go thinking
you can always win people over with money.
Some things are more important than that.
[gasps] Reigen. I'm sorry!
You were willing to put your faith
in what I had to say
as a gesture of our newfound friendship,
and I insulted you with an offer
of monetary compensation!
Please,
I beg you to forgive my foolishness!
Uh. What, now?
Wait, I'm not saying
there's anything wrong
with a consultation fee-- [whimpers]
[clears throat] Yes,
you appear to understand now.
I'm happy to see that.
[Amakusa] Reigen. I thank you immensely.
Hey, this thing's got
kind of an interesting look to it.
Maybe, I could stuff it
and make some money.
Huh?
[Amakusa] Well, it is an ayakashi.
So it'll eventually turn to ash.
[Reigen] Really?
[Mob] That's it!
[Reigen] That guy.
Turned out he really was
a yōkai hunter, huh?
Yeah, I guess there are
all kinds of jobs in the world.
Why don't we grab some ramen
and head on home?
Oh. Sorry, but I have something
I need to do.
Oh, yeah, that reminds me.
Didn't you wanna talk to me earlier?
It's okay now. I figured it out.
Excuse me.
[Reigen] Hold on. Mob solved
a problem on his own?
[Mob] Hey, Inukawa.
I have an idea
for what to do about the costumes.
Tomorrow morning,
could you maybe come to class early?
[gasps] But I thought we decided
white sheets were the way to go.
That won't work.
We need to take this seriously.
Everyone else is doing their part,
and we should, too.
[instrumental music playing]
JUST XX DAYS UNTIL THE FAIR
LET'S DO OUR BEST!! YAY!!
GREAT YŌKAI KING
SALT MIDDLE SCHOOL CULTURAL FAIR
[narrator] And finally,
when the day of the cultural fair came…
It can't really be said that the costume
Mob and Inukawa designed
was greeted with a positive response,
but it's not like anyone
complained about it, either.
And as for the impression
it made on the customers…
Well, would you look at that?
Pretty fancy for a middle
school fair, I must say.
Hmm?
[Great Yōkai King costume growling]
This thing's got
kind of an interesting look to it, too.
[Great Yōkai King costume growling]
-I'm glad we did this.
-Me, too.
Even though I'm exhausted.
Yeah, same here.
TODAY'S MAIDS
[Ritsu] Thanks for waiting.
One Mr. Bear's very beary soda…
and one Bunny Wunny's hippity hop cola.
-Oh. How cute!
-[customer 1 squeaks]
All of the boys are dressed up
in maid uniforms!
[customer 2]
I gotta get a picture of this!
I hope you enjoy your visit today.
I got a party of one here,
coming your way!
Yo. Ritsu.
That's one hell of a getup you got there.
You know, it looks pretty good on you.
[Ritsu chuckles nervously]
[keyboard keys cackling]
There! That should do the trick.
Now, to sit back
and watch those page views climb.
THE GREAT YŌKAI KING
["Cobalt" playing]
[song concludes]
[dark music playing]
[Reigen] What?
Mob's time has finally arrived?
He's so popular with girls,
he doesn't know what he's gonna do,
and he's gonna become the founder?
Go forth, Mob!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
Episode Three,
"Getting Carried Away ~100%~!"
Recording it?
That's also an excellent decision.